# 0x02-functions_nested_loops
## Lectures
- What are nested loops and how to use them
- What is a function and how do you use functions
- What is the difference between a declaration and a definition of a function
- What is a prototype
- Scope of variables
- What are the gcc flags -Wall -Werror -pedantic -Wextra -std=gnu89
- What are header files and how to to use them with #include
## RULES & REQUIREMENT
- Allowed editors: vi, vim, emacs
- All your files should end with a new line
- Your code should use the Betty style. It will be checked using betty-style.pl and betty-doc.pl
- You are not allowed to use global variables
- No more than 5 functions per file
- You are not allowed to use the standard library. Any use of functions like printf, puts, etc… is forbidden
- You are allowed to use _putchar
- The prototypes of all your functions and the prototype of the function _putchar should be included in your header file called main.h
## TASK
### Note: Task generally have extra parameters that are not listed but help to determin how we decided to solve them:
- Write a program that prints _putchar, followed by a new line.
- Write a function that prints the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
- Write a function that prints 10 times the alphabet, in lowercase, followed by a new line.
- Write a function that checks for lowercase character.
- Write a function that checks for alphabetic character.
- Write a function that prints the sign of a number.
- Write a function that computes the absolute value of an integer.
- Write a function that prints the last digit of a number.
- Write a function that prints every minute of the day of Jack Bauer, starting from 00:00 to 23:59.
- Write a function that prints the 9 times table, starting with 0.
- Write a function that adds two integers and returns the result.
- Write a function that prints all natural numbers from n to 98, followed by a new line.

  ## ADVANCED TASK
### Note: Task generally have extra parameters that are not listed but help to determin how we decided to solve them:
- Write a function that prints the n times table, starting with 0.
- If we list all the natural numbers below 10 that are multiples of 3 or 5, we get 3, 5, 6 and 9. The sum of these multiples is 23. Write a program that computes and prints the sum of all the multiples of 3 or 5 below 1024 (excluded), followed by a new line.
- Write a program that prints the first 50 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
- Each new term in the Fibonacci sequence is generated by adding the previous two terms. By starting with 1 and 2, the first 10 terms will be: 1, 2, 3, 5, 8, 13, 21, 34, 55, 89. By considering the terms in the Fibonacci sequence whose values do not exceed 4,000,000, write a program that finds and prints the sum of the even-valued terms, followed by a new line.
- Write a program that finds and prints the first 98 Fibonacci numbers, starting with 1 and 2, followed by a new line.
